{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleSymbols;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red217\green11\blue0;\red255\green39\blue18;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10500\viewh10980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 Introduction, 2nd paragraph, you have:\
Line intensity mapping, also known as, simply, inten- sity mapping, or 3-D tomographic mapping, is another such technique that allows astronomers to probe extra- galactic populations beyond their brightest sources.\
\
suggest something like:\
Line intensity mapping, or 3-D tomographic mapping, is another technique that allows astronomers to probe of extragalactic light from all sources, including the faintest galaxies and even diffuse intergalactic emission.\
\
\cf3 Done\cf2 \
\
later in that paragraph you have:\
Of these, the neutral hydrogen case is undoubtedly the most developed in terms of its standing in the liter- ature (cf. Morales & Wyithe (2010) for a review) and in the experimental arena (e.g., PAPER (Parsons et al. 2013), MWA (Tingay et al. 2013)), and so interest in measuring the [CII] power spectrum, for instance, pri- marily erupted as a means to complement the 21 cm studies at high redshift via the cross-correlation.\
\
how about:\
Of these, the neutral hydrogen case is undoubtedly the most developed in terms of its standing in the liter- ature (cf. Morales & Wyithe (2010) for a review) and in the experimental arena (e.g., PAPER (Parsons et al. 2013), MWA (Tingay et al. 2013)), because intensity mapping is the only way to study the intergalactic HI light. \'a0 [CII] has recently emerged as an EoR intensity mapping candidate because it both offers a way to probe the faint end of the luminosity function, and also provides an opportunity for cross correlation with the HI datasets. (reference Gong).\
\
\cf3 Done\cf2 \
\
then how about:\
Experiments targeting lower redshifts can offer a proof of principle of the approach, and neutral hydrogen is also the most mature in this arena. \'a0\cf4 At z ~ 0.8, \cf2 Chang et al. measured the cross correlation between the 21-cm emission and a galaxy catalog and Switzer et al. placed limits on \'85 \cf4 the 21cm auto-power. \cf2 \
Pullen et al. 2013 explored the feasiblity of using Ly-alpha\'85. \cf4 Pullen et al 2013 explored the feasibility of measuring the clustering in Lyman alpha emission from the EoR and down to z~2.\cf2 \
\
\cf3 Done\cf2 \
\
Introduction, 5th paragraph:\
A power spectrum analysis of 3-D [CII] tomography expands upon recent studies of the 2-D clustering properties of dusty, star-forming galaxies (DSFGs) (see Casey et al 2014 for a review). These studies, using a modification of the \'93P(D)\'94 approach, for example by (B\uc0\u32 \u769 ethermin et al. 2011; Viero et al. 2012), have already shed light on some aspects of the clustering of the most extreme star-forming system from z = 1 \u8722  3, but they are limited by the lack of redshift information, and by the need to include \'93nui- sance parameters\'94 in their estimation of the halo model, even given high SNR maps.\
\
[are we talking about P(D) or the 2-D clustering here? \'a0 Aren't they different? \'a0 P(D) is a way to probe faint sources but still has a limit set by confusion. \'a0 The 2-D clustering is a real clustering measurement, but it has the uncertainties associated with the lack of redshift information. \'a0 Lets treat each one separately and note is limitation]\
\
\cf4 Changed to:\
\
A power spectrum analysis of 3-D [CII] tomography expands upon recent works that utilize the fluctuations in emission rather than individual object detections to study the properties of dusty, star-forming galaxies (DSFGs). (See \\citet\{casey14\} et al for a review of DSFGs at the redshifts of interest to this study.) These studies, using \\emph\{P(D)\} \\citep\{glenn10, bethermin11\} or a 2-D power spectrum \\citep\{viero13\} analysis, have already shed light on some aspects (such as the number counts or spatial clustering) of the bulk of these systems from $z = 1-3$, but they are limited by source confusion or uncertainties associated with the lack of redshift information, respectively.\cf2 \
\
where you have:\
From the far-IR to the millimeter, it remains for the fu- ture for ALMA\'85.\
\
we should maybe say something like:\
Redshift ambiguities can be removed to some extent with galaxy-by-galaxy surveys with the interferometers ALMA or NOEMA, or with an instrument like X-Spec, a proposed multi-object spectrometer for CCAT, but the interferometer surveys will be expensive, and the CCAT surveys, while faster, will not reach the faintest galaxies in the luminosity function. \'a0 Power spectrum treatment of the 3-D maps naturally combines the redshift precision of spectral measurements, while including all sources in the luminosity function, and can be carried out with an instrument which does not [\cf3 require] \cf2 offer exquisite point-source sensitivity.\
\
\cf3 Done\cf2 \
\
then you can lead into the next paragraph:\
This sensitivity of the power spectrum to galaxies below the individual detection threshold, indeed to the mean aggregate intensity in the line from all sources, is a unique line of inquiry for the galaxy populations. \'a0 Namely, by extracting\'85..\
\
\cf3 Done\cf2 \
\
[ Somewhere in Section 1, you should have the disclaimer that we are not likely to see any intergalactic light in CII, currently you have this in section 2.1, but it should come sooner, perhaps early on when you introduce CII.]\
\
\cf3 Folded into the Introduction, 4th paragraph, where [CII] is introduced:\
\
Here we examine the application of the intensity mapping technique to moderate redshifts, targeting the fine structure line emission from ionized carbon during $0.5 < z < 1.5$.  The majority of extragalactic [CII]158$\\mu$m arises from the neutral and ionized interstellar medium (ISM) of star-forming galaxies, with only a negligible contribution from the IGM \\citep\{gongcii\}. This far-infrared (FIR) line is a well-suited probe of the galaxy population during the relevant time frame, as the mean dust attenuation in galaxies peaks at $z \\sim 1.5$, when roughly 80\\% of the cosmic star formation rate density is obscured and captured only in the infrared emission of re-processed starlight by dust grains \\citep\{burgarella13\}. Moreover, [CII] is typically the brightest FIR line emitted from the ISM of galaxies, with luminosities up to 0.1\\% of the IR luminosity, and is an important sign-post of star formation and related dynamics in galaxies \\cite\{gracia-carpio11, sargsyan12, diaz-santos13\} \cf2 \
\
Section 2.\
It seems like the title should be something like:\
Predictions of far-IR Line Power Spectra\
\
\cf3 Done\cf2 \
\
then I don't think you need the first paragraph -- you've said that elsewhere already right. \'a0 You can start right with:\
The complete auto-correlation power spectrum of a given far-IR line\'85..\
\
\cf3 Done\cf2 \
\
But I would have a sub-heading 2.1, something like 'Relationship between galaxy populations and fluctuation power' \'a0to start off.\
\
\cf3 Done\cf2 \
\
Then your current 2.1(becoming 2.2), how about: \'a0'Estimating volume emissivity of far-IR lines'\
\
...not unreasonable... -> reasonable\
\
\'85 that described\'85. --> describing\
\
\cf3 Done\cf2 \
\
while this theoretical model is feasible at high redshift\'85 \'a0-> While this approach is perhaps justified for the very early Universe, given the lack of information about the galaxy luminosity function, the situation at later times is better understood. \'a0We employ the constraints on the z~1 epoch from far-IR / submm number counts and available information on far-IR line emission in galaxies. \'a0[ or something like that]\
\
\cf4 Changed to:\cf2 \
\
\cf3 While this approach is perhaps justified for the very early Universe (given the lack of information about the galaxy luminosity function at high redshift), the situation at later times is better understood; we make use of empirical constraints on the $z\\sim1$ epoch from FIR/submm number counts and observations of FIR line emission in galaxies.\cf2 \
\
To this end, we\'85 -> \'a0We\'85.\
\
\cf4 Done\cf2 \
\
Regarding the sentence:\
One major drawback\'85.\
I don't quite understand what you are trying to say. \'a0Are you trying to say that we don't worry about a varying bias with luminosity ? \'a0Or that we are just assuming a bias ?\
\
Perhaps the wording can be a bit more positive? \'a0 We are after all, sensitive to the bias so we could potentially constrain it if the mean intensity were known. \'a0 \'a0Does the 2 halo term help here?\
\
\cf4 It occurred to me that a discussion of the bias might not fit in this is the section on predicting IR line volume emissivity. So I took this out altogether, and put a more positive, or neutral, sentence in Section 2.1:\
\
\'93By assuming a bias, it should be noted that our model does not account for a possible variation of the source bias with halo mass (and thus luminosity), but XXX\'94\
\
Any suggestions for the XXX?\cf2 \
\
Again, the paragraph:\
'It should be noted that the mean line luminosity\'85..'\
should go further up in the paper, probably in the introduction.\
\
\cf4 Done\cf2 \
\
Now in the last paragraph in section 2.\
* for the OI example, call out the specific interlopers and redshifts\
last sentence should be a bit less strong.\
How about :\
with the exception of contributions from [OIII]88\uc0\u956 m near z 
\f1 \uc0\u8764 
\f0  0.01, the [CII] is relatively unaffected by interloper lines, a result of its luminosity and spectral isolation.\
\
\cf4 Done\cf2 \
\
Now in section 3.\
\
I would take 3.1 and move it into section 2. \'a0 Here you're basically still discussing general features of the luminosity functions.\
The new 2.x section could be titled something like: [CII] luminosity functions and expected power spectra.\
\
\cf4 Done\cf2 \
\
Take out: \'a0'of the constituent IR sources---essentially, the phase space of possible sources that comprise the fluctuations in [CII] emission'\
the sentence reads fine without this.\
\
\cf4 Done\cf2 \
\
Somehow you need to lead off with what is your current figure 3, the integrated CII luminosity functions at different redshifts. \'a0 I would suggest ending the first paragraph with a \'a0reference to this figure: \'a0 Figure XX shows the integrated luminosity functions for [CII] in our model, this gives a sense of the depth that a galaxy survey much reach in order to completely probe the full integrated [CII] emission.\
\
\cf4 First paragraph now reads:\
\
As laid out in Equation XX, P_CII is sensitive to intensity fluctuations from the full range of normal to ULIRG-class systems because its amplitude is proportional to the mean line intensity, squared. Figure XX shows the integrated luminosity functions for [CII] in our model, which gives a sense of the depth that a galaxy survey must reach in order to completely probe the full integrated [CII] emission, i.e. all of S_i. In this section, we examine the role of the various luminosity ranges on the amplitude of the observed [CII] power.  \cf2 \
\
Then I think that your 2nd paragraph: 'Suppose\'85.\
could be eliminated or folded into the first paragraph, and you can go right to the 3rd paragraph, which contains the reference to Figure 2 (which will now be figure 3).\
\
\cf4 Done\cf2 \
\
Then 3.2 Sensitivity forecast becomes the first subsection of 3.\
3. should be titled: \'a0 Observational Sensitivity to the Power Spectrum.\
\
\cf4 Done\cf2 \
\
In your current 3.2, the paragraph:\
'Predictions for the fiducial case---\'85.\
should go somewhere abck in the last subsection of section 2, where you are talking about the model, and where you refer to the current figure 2. \'a0 Or at least the information in this paragraph should be weaved back into section 2. \'a0This is still theoretical power spectra estimation.\
\
\cf4 Done\cf2 \
\
As for section 3, \'a0I think that it reads fine to just go from the first paragraph to the third ('Error bar estimates\'85') \'a0 Then you have to put in a reference to figure 4 somewhere here.\
\
\cf4 The reference to Figure 4 now follows the Equations on calculating SNR:\
\
The expected [CII] power spectrum, with corresponding predictions for SNR, at the same redshifts from Figure XX are shown in Figure XX. In calculating the power spectrum sensitivity for these power spectra, the two lowest line-of-sight modes and the lowest transverse mode are not included, since these modes will likely be compromised by the necessity of continuum foreground subtraction and beam-differencing in the fluctuation analysis. (The exact effect of continuum subtraction will need to be modeled via simulation.) We find that the total power spectrum, including power from both shot noise and clustering, is observable with SNR>10 in the redshift range from z = 0.88-1.48; the clustering power, in turn, can be detected with SNR>5 at all examined redshifts. \
\cf2 \
Section 3.3 \'a0first paragraph, how about\
As noted above, intensity mapping is naturally sensitive to the full range of galaxy luminosities through the mean intensity which is imprinted in the linear (2-halo) clustering term. \'a0 Shot noise must be accurately subtracted, this should be straightforward given the high SNR in the shot-noise dominated k bins. \'a0Next, per Equation XX, it is necessary to divide out Pdelta delta and b^2. \'a0 The confidence with which \'85..\
\
\cf4 Done\cf2 \
\
Section 4 title, how about:\
Observational Strategy: Comparing Intensity Mapping with Traditional Galaxy Surveys.\
\
\cf4 Done}