{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 In my mind the message is distilled to this, which I propose as the abstract:\
\
We explore the possibility of studying the redshifted far-IR fine-structure line emission using \'a0the three-dimensional (3D) power spectra obtained with an imaging spectrometer. \'a0The intensity mapping approach measures the spatio-spectral fluctuations due to line emission from all galaxies, including those below the individual detection threshold. The technique provides 3D measurements of galaxy clustering and moments of the galaxy luminosity function. \'a0Furthermore, the linear portion of the power spectrum can be used to measure the total line emission intensity including all sources through cosmic time with redshift information naturally encoded. \'a0 Total line emission, when ratioed to the total star formation activity and/or other line intensities reveals evolution of the interstellar conditions of galaxies in aggregate. \'a0As a case study, we consider measurement of [CII] autocorrelation in the 0.5 < z < 1.5 epoch, where interloper lines are minimized, using far-IR / submm balloon-borne and future space-borne instruments. \'a0In this context, we compare the intensity mapping approach to blind galaxy surveys based on individual detections. \'a0We find that intensity mapping is nearly always the best way to obtain the total line emission because galaxy surveys lack either depth or sufficient volume to overcome cosmic variance. \'a0Even if absolute mean intensity is not desired, intensity mapping and is often the most efficient way to measure the power spectrum shape, depending on the details of the luminosity function and the telescope aperture.\
\
\
New paragraph for the introduction:\
[CII] also offers astrophysical information about the conditions in star-forming galaxies. \'a0With an ionization potential of 11.6 eV, it arises in both ionized and neutral atomic gas. \'a0Empirically, it is an important coolant, often the brightest single line in the spectrum of a star-forming galaxy, emitting as much as 0.5--1\\% of the total FIR luminosity \\cite\{Malhotra_97,Luhman_98,Stacey_10,Gracia_11\}. \'a0 The ratio of the [CII] luminosity to the total bolometric luminosity can be used as a diagnostic tool that provides: (1) a measure of the star-formation activity, (2) a measure of the spatial extent (or `mode\'92) of star formation, and (3) an AGN/starburst discriminant \\citep\{Hailey_10,Stacey_10,Gracia_11,Sargsyan_12,Diaz_13\}.\
\
The broader suite of far-IR lines probes all phases of the interstellar medium, and the negligible optical depth of galaxies at far-IR wavelengths ensures that even the most heavily embedded regions where star formation and black holes grow are revealed. For the atomic and ionized medium, the key far-infrared emission lines are those of C, N, & O: (e.g., [OI] 63\uc0\u956 m, 146\u956 m, [CII] 158\u956 m, and [OIII] 52\u956 m, 88\u956 m, [NIII] 57\u956 m, and [NII] 122 \u956 m, 205 \u956 m). The emitting species cover more than an order of magnitude in ionization potential and they strongly constrain the density and temperature of the ionized and neutral gas, and the strength and hardness of the interstellar radiation field. \'a0These physical parameters then reveal the relative importance of the black hole vs. the hot young stars to the overall energy budget, and constrain the stellar effective temperatures \\cite[e.g.]\{Rubin_85,Dale_04,Colbert_99,Malhotra_01,Ferkinhoff_11,Lebouteiller_12\}. \'a0 \'a0The suite of carbon, oxygen and nitrogen transitions also measure abundances \\cite\{Garnett_04, Lester_87,Nagao_11\}.\
\
While not accessible from the ground, a balloon-borne or space-borne experiment with broad wavelength coverage could in principle measure the mean intensities of these lines through cosmic time, thereby charting the evolution of the star-formation conditions in galaxies in an absolute, aggregate sense. \'a0 Here we consider a first step in this direction, a measurement of [CII] autocorrelation in multiple bins through the 0.5 < z < 1.5 epoch. \'a0 [CII] and far-IR lines in general ought to be particularly well-suited to this time frame, as z~1.5 is believed to be the peak in the dust attenuation in galaxies, when roughly 80% of the cosmic star formation rate density is obscured and captured only in the infrared emission of re-processed starlight by dust grains (Burgarella et al. 2013). \'a0 From a practical standpoint, [CII] in this epoch of relatively free of interloper lines, as we will see.\
\
\
Suggestion #1\
Here we have implicitly assumed that the fluctuations in line emission trace the density of matter with some bias b_i(z). \'a0For our target redshift range, b_i is reasonably well-constrained to be XXX (Cooray, Jullo). \'a0 The assumption of a single bias does not allow for a variation of the source bias with halo mass or luminosity, but XXX.\
\
\
Suggestion #2 (3.1)\
\
We present in this section an assessment of detectability of the [CII] power spectrum. In order to quantify the observational sensitivity, we adopt a realistic experimental platform with uninterrupted wavelength coverage in the redshift range of interest, namely, from 240 to 420 \uc0\u956 m. \'a0This range is further divided into four bands to enable measuring redshift evolution in the signal. Fiducial experimental parameters are summarized in Table 1. \'a0The telescope aperture diameter, Dap, and survey area, Asurvey, and taken as 2.5 m and 1 deg2, respectively, though we explore the effect of varying Dap and Asurvey on the Signal- to-Noise Ratio (SNR) (cf. Figure 5).\
\
To define the survey depth, we adopt the quantity\
\
f_err = XXX,\
\
which we call the fractional error. \'a0It is simply the inverse of the SNR on the mean intensity in a single voxel. \'a0Here \uc0\u963 N2 is the instrument sensitivity (noise equivalent intensity, or NEI, in units of Jy sr\u8722 1 s1/2), S_i is the mean intensity, and t_obs is the observing time. \'a0Error bar estimates and the total SNR for the power spectrum are calculated by assuming a spectrally flat noise power spectrum, so that the noise power in each voxel, P_N , is written as\
\
(equation 7 including what you have and the expression including f_err)\
\
where V_pix is the volume of a voxel\
x\
\
\
#3:\
Table XX shows our instrument concepts. \'a0We specify a 24-beam (?) grating spectrometer covering the XX-YY band, each with XX R=450 spectral channels operating near the photon background limit, illuminated with a 2.5-meter telescope. \'a0 We consider a balloon experiment for which the photon background is due to 1% emissivity in the atmosphere (a conservative average value) and 4% in the telescope. \'a0 A 200 hour integration (as might be obtained in a long-duration balloon flight) over the 1 square degree field with this system results in the sigma_pix, f_err and line sensitivity values tabulated. \'a0 We also consider a similar instrument on a cryogenic space-borne platform. \'a0The sensitivity in this case is obtained by specifying a detector sensitivity which adds $\\sqrt(2)$ in quadrature to the noise in the photon background from the combination of zodiacal light, galactic dust, and a 6~K telescope with 4% emissivity, similar to the proposed BLISS instrument for SPICA \'a0(e.g. see Bradford_12 (SPIE on BLISS)). \'a0 As the tabulated depths indicate, the space-borne system is much more sensitive. \'a0 Nevertheless, the balloon-borne experiment is capable of measuring the power spectrum with good sensitivity, and all error bars in plotted power spectra in this paper are based on the 200-hour balloon experiment.\
\
We find that\'85.\
\
\
\
\
table:\
\
Asurvey\
D_aperture\
R\
Number of spectral channels total\
Number of spectrometers (=instantaneous spatial pixels)\
-----------------\
z for [CII]\
V_voxel [Mpc^3]\
\\bar S_[CII]\
-------------\
-------------\
\\multicolumn\{\}\{\\it Fiducial Balloon Experiment\}\
sigma_N\
Line Sensitivity\
t_obs\
f_err\
------------\
\\multicolumn\{\}\{\\it Cryogenic Satellite Experiment\}\
sigma_N\
Line Sensitivity\
t_obs\
f_err\
}