{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleSymbols;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green39\blue18;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10020\viewh12960\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 Regarding section 4, I'd suggest something like:\
(kind of along the lines we discussed)\
\
Now let us turn to a question regarding the motivation for intensity mapping in general, as well as in the specific case of [CII] at the redshifts relevant to this study. Hav- ing identified the galaxy redshift surveys as an alternative method to measure the 3D clustering power spectrum, it is natural to consider the relative merits of the two approaches.\
\
\cf3 Done\cf2 \
\
(then go right into the completeness problem)\
The principal advantage of IM is that it naturally measures the mean intensity per Equation 5, regardless of the shape of the luminosity function. \'a0 Galaxy surveys always miss some of the light in the faintest galaxies, and this completeness problem is illustrated in Figure XX (your current figure 10). \'a0To make concrete comparisons in what follows, we employ toy models for the infrared luminosity function (Figure XX) written in the Schechter formalism ---\
\
(then keep what you have about the detection threshold)\
\
\
\
Then:\
One such regime is when the bulk of the galaxy number density at a certain redshift is comprised of galaxies with sub-L
\f1 \uc0\u8727 
\f0  luminosities (i.e., for steep slope \uc0\u945  in the LF). In- deed, this case is illustrated in the middle and righthand panels of Figure XX, where here, for LFs with \u945  of -1.5 or -2, the galaxy surveys detect only 60% and 4% of the total [CII] light (or whatever it is) in integrating to an f_err of YYY.\
\
(then go to the SNR comparison)\
There may be applications for which the mean intensity is not required, and the shape of the power spectrum, rather than its absolute value, is of interest. \'a0 For this application we compare, the signal to noise ratio (SNR) on a k bin for both galaxy detection and intensity mapping surveys (denoted, respec- tively, by the subscripts \'93GS\'94 and \'93IM\'94), with the expressions:\
\
.\
Even in this limited comparison of relative SNR, the intensity mapping often outperforms galaxy surveys, as Figure XX shows. \'a0One such regime is when the bulk of the galaxy number density \'85..(then go into your paragraph)\
\
(Then you have to take out or more forward the paragraph which starts:) In Figure 10, SNR_GS is broken down in terms of the number of \'85\
\'a0I would fold this information into the beginning of section 4 as outlined above.\
\
(Then you can have a new section 5 on instrument capabilities, where you define f_err and have the table with the balloon and space-borne instruments. \'a0 It can be a short section.)\
\
Looking at you current section 5, I think perhaps you could combine this with the discussion and have the section be\
Summary and Outlook.\
The first sentence should be more general that CII -- it should talk about intensity mapping in general. \'a0 Note the mean intensity, and the fact that, even mean intensity aside, the the SNR is higher in cases of small apertures and/or steep faint end luminosity function slope. \'a0 Then you can have a few sentences about reionization (your current section 5), but I suggest removing 'indeed' and 'Not to mention,' and if there are any other references on the faint end slopes I would add them.}